Dillo Viewer: HTML mail viewing in Sylpheed-Claws
-------------------------------------------------

The plugin uses the Dillo (http://dillo.auriga.wearlab.de/) browser to
view text/html MIME parts inside Sylpheed-Claws.

When the plugin is loaded, if the MIME part to be viewed is of
text/html type, then the MIME part is saved in a temporary file and
Dillo is launched with special options to embed it inside
Sylpheed-Claws' message view and to "safely" view the part. Dillo is
also run in the fullwindow mode, where the toolbar, menubar and the
status bar are hidden so the message is viewed in a larger area. The
fullwindow mode is toggled on and off by double clicking in an empty
part of the page or by clicking on the icon in the lower right corner.

The "safe" viewing the text/html message part is achieved by using the
-l (or --local) option of Dillo. This option prevent Dillo from
retrieving remote web resources, like images. This way, no connection
to the Internet is done.  If the user want to view the message without
this restriction, s/he just reloads the page by clicking on the
"Reload" button in Dillo's toolbar.

This plugin is provided as is. The author does not guarantee safe
viewing of text/html messages although he tried hard to achieve this
goal.

What Dillo version should be used?
----------------------------------

Dillo 0.7.0 was the first version that included the features needed by
Claws, although it had a small bug where remote resources could be
accessed even with the --local option (when a BASE element is present
in the message).

Since 2002-03-16, the CVS tree of Dillo fixed that bug.

Dillo 0.7.2 and newer do not have that bug, and are the recommended
versions to be used.

Acknowledgment:
---------------

The author of this plugin thanks the author of Dillo, Jorge Arellano
Cid, who accepted to integrate and improve the different patches
needed for this functionality.

-- 
Melvin Hadasht
